Nod Adventures Script
=====================

This is a rough draft for the script for the Nod Adventures game. This isn't
meant to be a definitive document, merely prose to guide the creation of the
game's structures.

Act 1
-----

You wake up in a darkened hotel room. The first thing you see is the ceiling.
You feel around and realize you're lying in a hotel bed. You have no idea how
you got there. You reach to the nightstand and pull the small chain to turn on
the lamp. You sit up in bed. Your head hurts.

You look at the clock. You've been asleep all afternoon and it's already dark.
Funny, you don't feel like you got a good night's sleep, or any sleep at all
for that matter.

You try the door, but it's locked. You look in the bathroom and find a towel.
You search around the room, but only find your toothbrush and a bottle of
aspirin.

While you're sitting on the bed trying to remember where you were before here,
the light on the nightstand goes out with an audible pop. Then the hotel door
opens.

You set foot out into the dim light of the hallway. The door to your hotel says
213. You find yourself strangely compelled to go to the left, as if in a trance.

At the end of the hall you see a small sconce on the wall. You reach inside and
find a button on the wall next to where the socket comes out. You push it and
the wall opens up before you revealing a staircase down into the darkness. You
don't want to continue but you find yourself almost entranced by the darkness.
You climb down.

Near the bottom of the staircase you hear the massive water heater system
rumbling somewhere off in the darkness. You reach the bottom and come into a
small room. You feel like you can hear some wet packing noises in the distance,
but you can't be certain; the machinery is making too much noise.

You turn the corner and can just barely make out a dark shadow stooped over
another dark shadow, moving slowly.

You peer into the darkness and you realize the shadows are figures. As you move
closer and your eyes adjust to the darkness you realize that the moving figure
is a man dressed in a black suit. At least, you think it's a man. Whatever it
is, its arms and legs are long and spindly. You imagine if it were to stand up,
it would be over 9 feet tall. It's standing over what used to be a person in a
maintenance worker's uniform, slowly and methodically pulling out its organs
and eating them. You feel like you don't want to get any closer to that thing.

You feel a pile of dust and dirt at your feet, with what looks like something
glinting within it. You stoop down and feel through it, being extremely careful
not to make any noise.

You find a key. It slips out of your shaking hands and rattles to the floor.

The spindly man looks up at you from the darkness with glowing yellow eyes.
Without making a sound, he stands up, grins a grin full of long, sharp teeth
and starts running towards you.

You quickly grab the key and run back towards the staircase, but only make it
to the landing before it catches up with you. The last thing you see is its
grin before you wake up covered in sweat, back in the hotel room.

You're not sure what happened, but you feel your pockets and the key is still
there.

Act 2
-----

You try the key in your door. It fits. You turn the handle and head out into
the hall.

You go back to where you found the staircase but all you can find on the wall
is a photograph of you. You're holding a red herring. How a photo of you got on
the wall in this strange hotel, you'll never know.

Downstairs, you find a janitor's closet with a large bucket, which you take.


<!-- vi: ft=markdown spell
-->
